"If you have made mistakes, even serious ones, there is always another chance for you. What we call failure is not the falling down but the staying down." -Mary Pickford 
"Life is a big joke and I've had a blast. No regrets." -Martin Shkreli
"Whoever does not miss the Soviet Union has no heart. Whoever wants it back has no brain." -Vladimir Putin
"All warfare is based on deception." -Sun Tzu
"If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles." -Sun Tzu
"Know thy self, know thy enemy. A thousand battles, a thousand victories." -Sun Tzu
"Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory. Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat." -Sun Tzu
"For to win one hundred victories in one hundred battles is not the acme of skill. To subdue the enemy without fighting is the acme of skill." -Sun Tzu
"If your opponent is of choleric temper, irritate him." -Sun Tzu
"If ignorant both of your enemy and yourself, you are certain to be in peril." -Sun Tzu
"In war, truth is the first casualty" -Aeschylus
"War does not determine who is right - only who is left" -Burtrand Russell
"So long as there are men, there will be wars." -Albert Einstein
"Brains, like hearts, go where they are appreciated." -Robert McNamara
"You can make a throne of bayonets, but you can't sit on it for long." -Boris Yeltsin
"Concentrated power has always been the enemy of liberty." -Ronald Reagan
"I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones." -Albert Einstein
"Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power." -Abraham Lincoln
"If your attack is going too well, you're walking into an ambush." -Infantry Journal
"A leader leads by example, not by force." -Sun Tzu
"The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants." -Thomas Jefferson
"The world will not accept dictatorship or domination." -Mikhail Gorbachev
"Tyrants have always some slight shade of virtue; they support the laws before destroying them." -Voltaire
"Heroes may not be braver than anyone else. They're just brave five minutes longer." -Ronald Reagan
"In war, you win or lose, live or die - and the difference is just an eyelash." -General Douglas MacArthur
"We're in a world in which the possibility of terrorism, married up with technology, could make us very, very sorry we didn't act." -Condoleeza Rice
"They'll be no learning period with nuclear weapons. Make one mistake and you're going to destroy nations." -Robert McNamara
"It doesn't take a hero to order men into battle. It takes a hero to be one of those men who goes into battle." -General Norman Schwarzkopf
"If a man has done his best, what else is there?" -General George S. Patton
"Let your plans be as dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt." -Sun Tzu
"My first wish is to see this plague of mankind, war, banished from the earth." -George Washington
"It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it." -General Douglas MacArthur
"The real and lasting victories are those of peace, and not of war." -Ralph Waldo Emmerson
"There's no honorable way to kill, no gentle way to destroy. There is nothing good in war. Except its ending." -Abraham Lincoln
"Older men declare war. But it is the youth that must fight and die." -Herbert Hoover
"Children are our most valuable natural resource." -Herbert Hoover
"Only the dead have seen the end of war." -Plato
"It is well that war is so terrible, or we should get too fond of it." -Robert E. Lee
"He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"A soldier will fight long and hard for a bit of colored ribbon." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"If you fell down yesterday, stand up today" -Herbert George Wells
"History will be kind to me for I intend to write it." -Winston Churchill
"When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Cowards die many times before their deaths; The valiant never taste of death but once." -William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
"Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"War is delightful to those who have not yet experienced it." -Erasmus
"The tyrant always talks as if he's preserving the best interests of his people when he actually acts to undermine them." -Ramman Kenoun
"An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind." -Gandhi
"Study the past if you would define the future." -Confucius